[Music]
how many people are there in your family
there are five people in my family my
father mother brother sister and me does
your family live in a house or an
apartment we live in a house in the
countryside what does your father do my
father is a doctor he works at the local
hospital
how old is your mother she is 40 years
old one year younger than my father do
you have any siblings
what's his or her name yes I do I have
one elder brother David and one younger
sister Mary are you the oldest among
your brothers and sisters no I'm not
I'm the second child in my family what
does your mother father like my father
likes playing football and my mother
likes cooking do your parents let you
stay out late of course not they always
ask me to get home before 10 p.m. each
night do you stay with your parents
right now no but I used to does your
family usually have dinner together yes
we do
my mom always prepares delicious meals
for us
how often do you eat out who do you go
with I often eat out on weekends when I
hang out with my friends what restaurant
do you usually visit well there are not
many restaurants in my neighborhood so
my best choice is the deli in
convenience stores like the circle-k
mini stop be smart
what type of food do you enjoy to eat
Western or Asian I'm interested in Asian
food western food is not my thing
how much do you usually pay when you eat
out it's not very expensive just around
five dollars for each meal do you enjoy
spicy food yes I do especially on cold
days are the server's there friendly to
you yes they are most of them are really
helpful have you ever tried Italian food
yes at least once when I was in my
friends wedding party are you concerned
about calories when eating out yes I am
I'm on diet now so this really matters
to me
our fast-food restaurants like KFC or
McDonald's famous in your country yes
they are the youth in my country are big
fans of fast food do you often drink
alcohol when eating out no not often
just when I have parties with my friends
how often do you read books I read books
almost every night before I go to bed
what's your favorite type of book
I love reading about different cultures
what can you learn from books books can
broaden my horizon about thousands of
things around the world and books are
also my best friends where do you read
books I read books at home sometimes in
the library what's the most interesting
book you've ever read I think that would
be Nepal a book written about the
country of Nepal published in 1999 how
long does it take you to finish a book
well it depends on the length of the
book but it usually takes me a week to
finish a 300 page book do you usually
bring books with you and you travel yes
I do when I'm at the airport or bus
station I read books to kill time is
there any book store or library in your
area unfortunately there are none near
my house the nearest one is three
kilometres away
how many places have you traveled to I
visited all the provinces throughout my
country who do you usually go with I
often go with my family sometimes with
my best friends what's your favourite
tourist attraction that would be Venice
city in Italy I love writing the gondola
along the canals while watching Italian
people live their daily lives have you
ever been abroad yes I have I came to
Italy last year for a business trip what
language do you use when traveling
English but sometimes I have to use body
language since not all people are good
at English what do you usually do during
your trip I often go sightseeing
take pictures mingle with the local
people and sample the local cuisine what
do you do to prepare for your trip
before the trip I search for information
about the location whether famous
tourist attractions transportation local
cuisine and prices on the Internet
what do you usually bring when you
travel I usually pack my suitcase with
some necessary items such as clothes
medicine food a map and a camera
do you prefer traveling by car train or
plane
I prefer planes although it can be a
little expensive planes are much faster
than any other mode of transport
do you prefer traveling alone or joining
a guided tour
I love backpacking with my friends who
share the same interest as me
what type of websites do you often
search for it varies depending on my
goal I prefer entertainment and
education websites such as Facebook comm
Wikipedia org and VOA special English
how long have you been using them I have
been using these websites since I was a
freshman at University
what do you visit those websites for I
use them to study online or relax after
working what's your favorite website I
think it's probably youtube.com
can you read websites in English yes I
can
most useful websites are written in
English what's the most popular website
in your country I'm not quite sure but I
guess it would be facebook.com do you
think the youth should use websites as a
reliable source of knowledge not always
they should choose their sources
carefully
have you ever been in a traffic accident
yes three years ago what happened I was
hit by a car while crossing the road how
did you feel then I felt really terrible
because of my injuries who was involved
in the accident the car driver his
family inside the car and me did the
insurance company pay for repair service
I was walking so I did not require any
car repair services
did you need a lawyer I hurt my lower
back just a little so I didn't call a
lawyer did you report the issue to the
police no we didn't want to get the
police involved sent to the hospital
after the accident no the injury wasn't
really serious do you have a driving
license yes I do I always keep it in my
purse why should people obey traffic
regulations to protect themselves and
others the best way are to wear a helmet
wait for traffic lights and stay in the
appropriate vehicle pedestrian lanes
did you have a happy childhood yes I did
I enjoyed playing hide and seek with my
peers do you experience your childhood
in a city or countryside I spent my
childhood in a rural area where I could
see vast rice fields did you usually
skip class when you were a child yes I
did
and many of my friends did too who were
you with when you were a child I was
with my beloved family what did you want
to be when you were a child I dreamed of
being a fashion designer who did you
love the most when you were a child I
loved my mom the most since she was
always there and took care of me
who was your childhood hero
Robin Hood he took money from the rich
and gave it to the poor what reminds you
of your childhood green rice fields
which I happen to see everywhere remind
me of my beautiful childhood did you
change a lot when you grew up yes of
course I'm more mature now both
physically and mentally
why is childhood important because it
shapes people into who they will become
how many rooms are there in your house
there are six rooms a living room two
bedrooms a bathroom and the kitchen
which floors your bedroom on my bedroom
is on the first floor of a three-story
house is it big or small it's not very
spacious just enough to put necessary
furniture in what color is your bedroom
painted it's painted pink my favorite
color love your room why I love it very
much
because it is my private space whenever
I go home what furniture does your
bedroom contain it contains a bed a desk
and a clothing closet what do you do in
it well I spend most of my free time
there reading books and sleeping how
much time do you spend in your room
about 10 hours a day especially in the
evening share your room with anyone else
No everyone in my family has their own
room so I stay there alone
what kind of presents are popular in
your country it depends on the receivers
for children toys are the best choice
for youth souvenirs are recommended who
gave presents to you on what occasions I
have received many presents most of
which were from my friends they gave me
gifts on my birthday what was your last
present it was a handmade doll given by
my best friend when I moved to another
city what was the one you like best
I loved my book Nepal a lot it was given
to me on my 23rd birthday by my brother
did you ever get a present you didn't
like yes I have but I still treasure and
take care of them how do you think
people who give you presents I gave them
presents that they would like what are
the times of the year that people give
presents in your country some special
occasions are birthdays weddings
graduation New Year's Day Valentine's
Day
housewarming ceremonies etc who was the
last person you gave a present to my mom
I bought her a coat on a business trip
to Bangkok is giving presents important
in daily life yes it is it's one of the
best ways to show your love and
gratitude to someone
which tourist attractions do you prefer
when traveling historical places or
natural landmarks
well historical places are always my
first choice when traveling what do you
usually do when visiting historical
places I usually listen to the tour
guide introducing the sights and take
notes about important historical events
can you name some historical places you
visited whenever I travel to a foreign
country I always visit its famous
historical places some of them are the
pyramids in Egypt Angkor Wat in Cambodia
Stonehenge in England and the Taj Mahal
in India what's your most favorite
historical place why I love the pyramids
the most taking the tour around the
pyramids I can not only enjoy the
gorgeous architecture but also learn
cultural and historical values of the
ancient Egyptian culture what is the
most famous historical place in your
country it's definitely fast a chew of
Liberty in New York City what's special
about it
the statue was gifted by the people of
France it is a symbol of freedom for the
US as well as a welcoming sight to
people coming to the u.s. from another
country where is it located it's located
on Liberty Island in New York Harbor NYC
should the youth visit historical places
instead of other places
sure nowadays the youth should visit
these kind of places more often in order
to preserve historical and cultural
values of their country
what are the benefits of reading a
newspaper or magazine newspapers
magazines can broaden your mind about
thousands of things without the need to
travel how often do you read it I read
it every day what's the best time to
read the newspaper I think the best time
is in the morning when you start a new
day what types of magazines do you
usually read I usually read politics and
fashion magazines I also enjoy reading
about culture and tourism what's your
favorite magazine my favorite is the New
York Times which writes about all sorts
of things business sports movies travel
books jobs education and real estate do
you read the paper or online news I
prefer online news to save money how
much does it cost you to buy paper
newspaper per month I only buy a monthly
newspaper so it doesn't cost much money
around $5 a month what is the most
popular magazine in your country I think
it would be Forbes magazine a leading
source for reliable business news and
financial information with the
popularity of Internet do you think
newspapers and magazines will disappear
yes unfortunately it's just a matter of
time
how many events have you joined this
year what were they about I have joined
more than 10 events so far most of which
were about education what was your most
memorable event the most memorable for
me was an international study conference
in which I was introduced to some famous
universities in Europe to study overseas
was it organized indoors or outdoors it
was an indoor event who sponsored the
event the event organiser was the
Education Department of American Center
but the universities introduced in the
conference were the ones who paid who
went to the event with you I went there
with my friends who shared the same
interest in studying abroad as me what
were some performances in the event
there were not many performances each
University representative just had a
speech to introduce their school to
students and then they hosted Q&A
session was the event shown on TV the
event was not aired but there were
television advertisements for it how
would someone market an event taking
advantage of social media is a smart way
to promote an event
what subjects did you learn in school I
learned math science physics biology
geography history literature English art
and music what subject did you like the
most when you're at school were you good
at it
I liked biology the most although I was
excellent at literature did your friends
like that subject too yes they did
they enjoyed every single biology lesson
was the textbook written in English or
any other language it was written in
English who taught that subject my
teacher was Miss Karen from the USA how
was the subject helpful to you it helped
me a lot in becoming a biology teacher
how often did you learn that subject I
often had biology lessons five times a
week how long did you spend on that
subject at home I spent roughly two
hours per day studying biology at home
have you ever attended any extra classes
for that subject yes I have
I usually attended evening classes is it
important to study hard on both social
sciences and Natural Sciences no it
isn't students should study the ones
they like and the ones that are helpful
to their career path
what type of museum is popular in your
country there are many types of museums
but the most popular are historical
museums what is the most famous museum
in your country that would be the
British Museum located in London what's
special about it I'm impressed by its
large amount of historical art and
cultural work how many times have you
visited that museum I have visited the
museum twice what do you usually do when
visiting a museum I usually listen to
the tour guide and take notes about
important information are you allowed to
take pictures there no the guards did
not allow us to bring the camera in how
did you feel after visiting there the
overall experience was fantastic and I
learned so many things in just a few
hours what do you think is the
importance of museums in history museums
are an integral part of any country's
history and they keep history alive
do you usually watch movies at home or
at a movie theater I usually watch
movies on my laptop sometimes I go to
the movie theater it's watching movies
at the theater more interesting than
watching movies at home yes definitely
because you can watch vivid images on a
large screen with lively sound effects
how often do you go to the movie theater
I often go to the movie theater every
weekend what's your favorite type of
movie what movie of that type do you
like
my favorite type is comedy because
whenever I watch one I feel like there
are no more worries in the world
I love the mr. bean movie series was
that movie adapted from a book no the
story is derived from funny situations
in real life who are the actors or
actresses in the movie mr. bean is the
main character he is played by Rowan
Atkinson who was from England was it
recommended by your friend teacher or
family it was recommended by my
classmate was the movie in your mother
language or in English it was in English
but I can also watch it with subtitles
should children watch violent movies I
don't believe so young children are very
impressionable and it could lead them to
wanting to imitate the behavior what's
the most important factor of a great
movie
I believe that plot and actors are among
the factors which decide the success of
a movie
ever traveled abroad if yes what country
was it yes I have I travelled to the USA
last year with my family where is that
country located the USA is located in
North America
what is it famous for the USA is known
for its cultural achievements and
landmarks what are the special food and
drinks of that country there are many
they are known for fast food dairy and
many beverages what do you like about
that country
I like the fast pace of life and the
various subcultures
how many citizens are there in that
country the current population of the
United States of America
was over 324 million in 2016 which
accounts for 4.3 percent of the total
world population what language do people
there speak the national language is
English but many people also speak
Spanish French German and Chinese do you
want to go back there again
sure why do people like to travel abroad
they just want to discover new places
learn new cultures and maybe speak new
languages
on what occasions do people in your
country celebrate parties there are many
occasions when people throw parties such
as New Year's Eve wedding engagements
family reunions birthdays etc but
sometimes people hold parties just when
they meet up and want to have something
fun to do are you a party animal yes I
am I am crazy about going to parties I
love meeting friends drinking and
talking when do parties often start and
finish it depends on what kind of party
it is I believe the perfect time to have
a party is in the evening from 8 to 11
p.m. where are the parties thrown they
are held inside or outside some formal
events like weddings housewarmings are
organized inside while others like
family reunions and birthdays may be
held outside what do you usually wear
when you come to a party I often wear
casual clothes like a t-shirt and jeans
if I go to informal parties and the
dress for formal ones what do people do
in the parties you attended at the party
people talk eat and drink together some
go there to find business opportunities
and new partners do you enjoy drinking
alcohol at the parties yes a little beer
can cheer me up
do people have to bring anything to the
party it's not required but sometimes
visitors bring some gifts to show their
love for the host why do people
especially the youth love going to
parties it's just a good way for them to
chill out after a long day
who was your favorite teacher I like mr.
Tom the most he is my English teacher is
he a foreign teacher yes he's from the
US what do you like about his lessons I
have fallen in love with his American
accent and he always shows us something
new about the world outside of textbooks
what's he like he's not only
knowledgeable but also very friendly he
always treats us like friends not
students what does he usually wear when
coming to class he usually wears a gray
suit when he comes to class do you love
his subject yes I enjoy English a lot do
students in your class like him yes all
of us admire him do you want to be a
teacher like him no although I am like
him my dream is not to become a teacher
I would like to be a chef have you ever
been punished by him no he rarely
punishes anyone do you want to see him
again of course he's a great mentor
who's your best friend it's Jenny she's
my best friend
what does she look like she has
shoulder-length brown hair I just love
her lovely smile how and when did you
meet I first met her when we were in
high school how often do you see this
friend I see her every day we're in the
same class what's she like she's not
only thoughtful but also very
understanding she's always by my side to
cheer me up whenever I'm in trouble do
you and her share anything in common
yes a lot we both love shopping and
playing sports what do you and her do
together we usually do homework and read
books together have you and her ever
quarreled yes but we seldom quarrel when
we do argue afterwards we seem to
understand more about each other does
she know how to cook yes but she's not a
great cook do your parents like her yes
a lot they always ask Jenny to come over
for dinner why is a friend important in
life a good friend can make your life
better in many ways I don't think anyone
can stand loneliness
what is your favorite hotel where is it
located
it's the Sheraton a five-star hotel
located in Saigon Vietnam how do you
know that hotel before coming to Vietnam
for travelling I searched on the
Internet it's one of the best hotels in
Vietnam why do you choose to stay in
that particular hotel I like the
architecture there and online all the
reviews about the hotel are positive is
it by the beach no Saigon is not a
beachside city does it attract many
tourists yes I guess when I stayed there
it was completely booked
what type of room did you stay in and
what facilities did you get from the
hotel I stayed in a double bedroom the
room is equipped with air conditioner a
flat-screen TV wardrobe etc what do you
like about that hotel a gymnasium
swimming pool and BB q area are
available I also love the green space
surrounding the hotel is all the staff
friendly and helpful yes definitely
they all are professional how much does
it cost a night it costs me around $250
a night do you recommend that hotel to
friends yes
if they come to Vietnam I love
everything there
who wrote the letter to you my dad wrote
the letter to me when he was on a
business trip did you keep the letter
yes put it in a folder whenever I'm down
reading his letter would be a good way
to cheer me up what was the letter about
he told me about his new workplace and
how things were there how did you feel
about the letter I was glad to know that
he was fine in another city do you have
a letter collection yes I collected all
the letters from family and friends it's
one of my hobbies do you like writing
letters or emails I prefer writing paper
letters do people in your country
usually write letters years ago they did
now people prefer emails what's the
difference between emails and
handwritten letters emails are much more
convenient than letters because they're
free to send and they get there
instantly
however letters are much more special
why should we write letters to friends
or relatives it's a good way to show
love to people you care about
what is your hobby I like playing sports
especially swimming is your hobby common
in your country yes kids adults and
senior citizens all like swimming in my
country is your hobby the same as when
you were a child yes I was fond of
swimming when I was a little girl when
did you start practicing that hobby I
started swimming when I was 5 years old
is there anybody in your family who you
share your hobby with my dad he taught
me how to swim how much time do you
spend on your hobby I usually go to the
swimming pool twice a week what benefits
do you get from it swimming is a really
good workout it helps me keep fit and
chill out after a long day working have
you ever heard of someone having a very
unusual hobby yes my cousin loves
tattooing vehicles he put stickers
everywhere on his car what do you think
about someone having weird hobbies I
don't think any hobby is weird it's just
what you like to do so I don't judge
others what hobbies are usually
expensive in your country playing golf
is a really expensive hobby only the
rich can afford to buy golf supplies
what kind of music do you like I'm crazy
about pop music is that the kind of
music preferred in your country it
varies
normally the youth enjoy rock and pop
while middle-aged citizens prefer a
country music who is your favorite
singer I'm a big fan of Miley Cyrus a
talented u.s. singer-songwriter and
actress what piece of music do you like
who sang that song my favorite song is
Jolin sung by Miley Cyrus how much time
a day do you spend listening to music I
usually listen to music all day with an
mp3 player do you feel relaxed to
listening to music sure I feel like
there are no more worries in the world
why is music important to us music has
the power of beautifying our life do you
usually go to bars or clubs not often I
sometimes go there on weekends what do
you think about the teenagers music
style teenagers tend to choose loud and
fast music like rock or rap everyone has
their own taste of music though have you
ever thought of forming a music band no
I don't have any talent for music
do you like shopping yes I'm a
Shopaholic what do you usually shop for
I usually shop for clothes I'm a big
fashion fan where do you go shopping at
some fashion boutiques in my
neighborhood are there many shops in
your neighborhood yes my area is the
city center so I have many choices of
where to shop do you spend much money on
shopping yes and I'm usually broke at
the end of the month
do you usually shop online what items
yes but not really often I only buy
furniture online what's the difference
between shopping online and offline
unlike shopping offline you cannot try
on the pieces of clothes or check the
material when shopping online
where did you go for holiday last year I
went to Singapore a Southeast Asian
country why did you choose that
destination I love to travel to Asian
countries and Singapore was my best
choice because of its beauty and culture
how long did it last
I stayed there for two weeks who went
with you I traveled to Singapore with my
best friends how did you travel
we flew there of course during the time
there we moved mostly by MRT and taxi
what did you pack up I only brought some
necessary items such as money clothes
medicine a map and the digital camera
what did you do during the holiday we
visited famous tourist attractions like
Marina Bay Sands merlion park Art
Science Museum Singapore flyers we also
enjoyed local cuisine there what's the
difference between holidays today and 20
years ago well it has changed a lot
people now can afford holidays outside
their countries while 20 years ago
traveling abroad seemed hard at what
time do people in your country usually
go on holiday it depends on what job
people have when they have a break from
work they will find somewhere to travel
are you an animal lover yes I am I love
animals are you raising any pets yes I
have a pitbull puppy at home what is it
like my puppy is friendly highly
intelligent and well behaved he always
wastes his tail and lakes my hand to
welcome me home what does it look like
he's a medium-sized puppy with a strong
neck broad chest and brown hair what are
its habits my pitbull puppy loves doing
exercise every day when he plays he
plays to win what do you usually do with
it
we usually play tennis together my puppy
helps me pick up tennis balls what does
it like to eat
he loves beef chicken and some dairy
products what do you learn from it he
teaches me loyalty an adult pitbull may
make me feel safe why do people keep
pets they consider pets as their loyal
companions which make their life better
our pets well looked after in your
country yes people in my country love
pets
what practical skill have you learned
cooking is a practical skill that I have
practiced recently who taught you that
skill my mom is the best cook she taught
me everything about how to make soup
salad omelets cake etc how did you learn
it she shows me how to buy food prepare
ingredients and cook meals whenever
she's in the kitchen I learned how to
boil grill steam fry braised etc day by
day why did you learn it I just want to
be a good cook like my mom when I get
married I will prepare the best dishes
for my husband and children how long did
it take for you to learn it I learned it
in four years the skill seems to be
strengthened when I live apart from my
family for studying how often do you use
this skill I cook every day I also love
homemade food how has the skill helped
you it makes me more confident whenever
I go on a picnic outside
I'm always responsible for the barbecue
do people in your family know this skill
- my younger sister knows how to cook -
she has just started learning do all
skills need learning yes they do
practice makes perfect
how is this skill important to you it's
an essential life skill all women need
to know this to keep their family warm
and Tapie
what sport do you like I like playing
badminton is it easy to play that sport
yes it's pretty easy to play is that
sport popular in your country yes it is
how long have you been practicing that
sport I have been practicing it for five
years who do you play sports with I play
badminton with my friends sometimes with
my brother how often do you play that
sport I play badminton every weekend
what benefits can you get from that
sport it helps strengthen my muscles
because while playing I have to move
continuously it is good to burn calories
as well do you like watching football
online or offline yes I do I prefer
watching football offline and online
going to the stadium shouting and
cheering are good to release stress what
is your favorite football team I like
the Manchester United Football Club also
known as the Red Devils why is sport
important sports are sources of
recreation people can learn how to
encourage team spirit when they play
sports too
what school did you go to I went to
millennium high school founded in 1999
where is the school located it's located
in New York City United States
do you like the architecture of the
school yes I do the architecture is not
really impressive but I like it that the
building's architects left plenty of
space for lounging what are the teachers
like most of the teachers there are
helpful and friendly I especially like
mr. Mike my physics teacher
how long have you spent there I have
spent three years of upper secondary
school there is that a single-sex school
no it isn't this is a unisex school do
you like the school uniform
we don't wear uniforms at school
actually why do you enjoy the time there
although I had to deal with quite a
heavy workload I enjoy the relaxing
atmosphere when hanging out with friends
in the cafeteria there what important
lesson did you learn from school I
learned how to work in a group in which
there are many friends coming from
different cultures that's the lesson of
cooperation will you recommend that
school to others yes of course I'm proud
to recommend millennium high school to
anyone who is searching for a good place
to learn
how many popular festivals are there in
your country there are many New Year's
Day Martin Luther King Day Valentine's
Day st. Patrick Day Easter etc what is
the most important festival in your
country I believe that New Year's Day is
the most important one since it's a
chance for family reunion and parties
people gather together to welcome the
new year when does it take place it
occurs on January 1st where's the
festival celebrated the New Year's Day
is celebrated all over the country each
family has its own way to celebrate the
day what do people do to prepare for the
festival before New Year's Day people go
shopping for food and drinks repair the
house or put up decor who can join the
festival it's a day for everybody what
do people do in the festival on New
Year's Eve people have a party with
traditional food and drinks after that
they may visit friends or relatives go
to the movies or watch sports what's
special about that festival it marks the
end of a year and celebrates a new year
people believe that the things they do
on the first day will bring good luck
and prosperity to them during the whole
year is the festival culturally related
sure the festival is an integral part of
culture why is a festival important
it adds structure to our social lives
and connects us with our families and
backgrounds
do you like to cook yes I do
cooking helps me feel relaxed after long
hours of working is there any kind of
food you don't like I don't really like
fried chicken which is very high in fat
do you eat out or cook at home I usually
cook at home sometimes when I'm busy I
go out to eat how often do you cook just
when I have free time
my mom is often responsible for
preparing meals she's the best cook ever
what's your favorite food I'm addicted
to sushi I can eat sushi every day is it
Western or Asian cuisine its Asian
cuisine sushi is derived from Japan is
it easy to make your favorite food yes I
guess the recipe is quite simple what
ingredients do you need to make that
food I would need rice eggs meat seafood
and vegetables what do you think about
fast food I don't really like fast food
it's not healthy at all would you say
that you have a healthy diet yes I would
I prefer eating vitamins protein and
less fat
what's the most useful household
appliance that you have that's
definitely the washing machine when did
you buy it I bought it two years ago
actually my mom gave it to me as a
birthday present is it expensive I don't
think it cost that much is it easy to
use yes it's pretty simple how does it
work press the desired button and
everything will be done within several
minutes how often do you use it I wash
my clothes twice a week will you replace
it with a more modern one no because it
was a present and it's still working
well how does your life change with that
household appliance it makes her life
more convenience we can save time as
well do you think that household
appliances will make people lazier and
lazier yes to some extent with the help
of electronic equipment
people tend to forget manual tasks and
become lazier
what's your favorite music band I'm a
big fan of one direction
there are five singers in the band is it
famous around the world yes it is
the band is well known around the world
almost all teenagers love them what's
their taste of music they sing pop music
their most famous song maybe what makes
you beautiful are they good at dancing
yes I think so
I fall in love with their every step
have you ever seen them in real life
nope I just watched them on media I wish
I will see them one day how often do you
come to their show I watched videos
almost every day listening to their
songs helps me chill out can you sing
their songs yes but only one song I just
keep singing it over and over again
every day do your friends like them of
course we usually watch their
performances and discuss it together
do they have anti fans yes every famous
singer has anti fans
what's the weather like in your country
well there are four seasons spring
summer fall and winter which vary
considerably in characteristics what
kind of weather do you like I enjoy hot
weather there are more things to do when
it's sunny I love swimming and
sunbathing what months have the best
weather in your country I believe it
depends for me the best weather is from
June to August when it's warm across the
country do you like it when it rains not
at all
I hate raining how does the weather
affect your feelings I usually have a
bad mood when it rains the rain reminds
me of sad memories how is the weather
changed recently due to global warming
the weather has become more and more
unpredictable it's boiling hot in summer
and freezing cold on winter days do you
usually watch the weather forecasts no
not very often what's your favourite
season why let's see I love spring when
trees and flowers blossom what do you
like to do when it's windy when it's
windy I like flying a kite with my
friends that's interesting
who is your neighbor my neighbor is a
university student he lives next to my
apartment when did you become neighbors
I first met him when I moved to this
apartment two years ago is he friendly
yes he is he always smiles when he sees
me how often do you see him every day at
the gate sometimes I invite him to my
apartment when I throw a party do you
have any problems with him only once
when he sang karaoke too loud which kept
me awake all night we ended up talking
to each other the next day and they
never sang karaoke at midnight from then
on does he usually help you yes he does
he usually helps me run errands would
you be sad if he moves to another area
yes of course that will upset me if he
leaves what's the difference between
friends and neighbors I'm not quite sure
but I think the difference may lie in
the relationship a friend can be someone
you share your feelings with while a
neighbor can just be someone living next
door what do you need to be a good
neighbor being respectful is the most
important factor in building a good
relationship
do you like visiting natural places yes
I do being close to nature helped me
release stress and worry what's the most
impressive natural scenery you've ever
seen
that's the horseshoe of the Colorado
River in Arizona it's such a great
scenic place on earth when did you see
it I visited the place last summer
holiday who went with you I went there
with my family we camped near the place
what's special about it I'm fond of the
great nature there it's a horseshoe
shaped meander of Colorado River how has
it changed recently
it doesn't change much actually what's
the next natural scenery you would like
to visit my next destination would be
the marooned bells in Colorado I fell in
love with mountain ranges and yellow
flowers there what can people get from
visiting natural places people will get
closer to mother nature children have
more motivation to discover the world
around them what are some famous natural
attractions in your country there are
many such as Death Valley Niagara Falls
the redwoods and the Grand Canyon to
name a few
what outdoor activity do you participate
in I do many but my favorite one is
jogging where do you do it
I go jogging in the park near my place
who do you do outdoor activities with I
usually go jogging with my family who
shares the same interests as you my
family especially my dad
we usually jog together how often do you
take part in outdoor activities every
morning except on rainy days how do you
feel after activities
I feel really relaxed and refreshed what
benefits can you get from outdoor
activities it's a good workout method
jogging is also a good way for me to
charge batteries for a long day working
do you usually play sports outdoors yes
I do
I play volleyball and swim out doors why
are children less interested in outdoor
activities nowadays children nowadays
prefer high-tech gadgets like computers
iPads and phones to outdoor activities
what law do you like I like the traffic
law of wearing the helmet when traveling
by motorbike is that an international
law yes people around the world follow
this law when was it issued I'm not
quite sure but I guess a long time ago
who told you that law I learned it at
school is it easy to follow that law yes
it is it doesn't cause any inconvenience
at all what do you think about that law
the traffic law is so necessary for
traffic participants when they're on the
road what benefit can you get from
following that law it may keep me safe
from traffic accidents why should people
obey the law strictly following law is a
good way to protect themselves as well
as others what can be done to encourage
people to follow the law obeying law is
people's responsibility if they go
against the law
they'll put themselves in trouble
how many kinds of pollution are there
there are many types of pollution land
water noise air light thermal pollution
what type of pollution is popular in
your country the most popular one is
water pollution I guess
have you ever littered yes I have but
when I was taught the lesson of
protecting Mother Nature
I quit littering what can you do to help
prevent pollution reduce and reuse
whatever I can to eliminate the amount
of waste is what I can do to prevent
pollution what does the government do to
encourage people to protect the
environment they organized some
campaigns to raise the awareness of
people everything should start from
education our people in your country
aware of the environmental issues yes
they are they care about what happens to
the environment around them is there any
law to enforce people to protect the
environment yes the Environment law
states punishments to people doing harm
to the environment
are you comfortable with a traffic jam
not at all I feel annoyed why does it
happen because there are too many
vehicles on the streets during rush
hours I bet how often do you sit in a
traffic jam just everyday when I finish
office hour and go back home what time
in a day are you usually caught in a
traffic jam in rush hour at 7 a.m. and 5
p.m. how long does it take to escape
from the traffic jam at least half an
hour what do you do while waiting in a
long line
I often glanced at my watch actually
have you ever had any trouble caused by
a traffic jam yes just yesterday I was
late for an important meeting with my
clients how has the traffic situation
changed recently there are more vehicles
which makes traffic jam more and more
serious
what is your favorite TV program well I
watch a lot but the one I like best is
how it's made
is that an international TV program yes
it is it's available in Canada Europe
Australia New Zealand Southeast Asia and
so on what is the TV programme about its
name somehow describes the content which
is about the process of making things
like lipsticks balls candy toys
chocolate and so on how often do you
watch that TV program almost every day
after dinner who watches that programme
with you my family watches it together
my younger brother can't wait to turn on
the TV what channel is it on a very
common one Discovery Channel which
focuses on popular science technology
and history why do you like that TV
program I love learning new things
especially about how everything is
produced I would love to run a business
about handmade cosmetics how does that
TV program change you I know more about
the world around me
it also supports me in my career path to
make my dream come true
who is its target audience it
particularly aims at families and
younger audiences would you recommend
that TV program to your friends yes of
course they would be crazy about the
program I bet
what is the most impressive building you
visited its the Petronas Twin Tower in
Malaysia where is it located it's
located in the capital of Malaysia Kuala
lumper how tall is it they were the
tallest buildings in the world from 1998
to 2004 it reaches the height of 450 1.9
meters who was the architect sesor Pelle
an Argentine American architect is it
well known all over the world
sure tourists can't miss it when
visiting Malaysia do you have to
purchase a ticket in order to visit the
tower yes I do it sold online when did
you see it I saw it two years ago will
you come back there again
of course I'm looking forward to seeing
again someday
what kind of electronic media is popular
in your country there are some popular
kinds radio TV and online news what's
your favorite kind I like
online news because I have to work with
computers every day it's easier for me
to read online why do you like it
due to its convenience I love reading
anyway how often do you have access to
that kind of electronic media every
morning before I start working what's
interesting about it instead of watching
TV or listening to radio passively I'd
rather read and think about the news is
it convenient to access that kind of
electronic media yes with a computer
smartphone connected to the internet you
can read electronic news anytime and
anywhere does your family like that
electronic media - no my dad likes radio
and my mom likes TV how has mass media
changed recently they're more modern and
user-friendly
what is your desired job well my dream
changes in accordance to age up to now I
would like to be a great English teacher
is that a demanding job yes I think so
although people suppose that being a
teacher is easy and boring what
challenge do you have when doing that
job I have some problems with classroom
management maybe I have to improve that
skill a lot in order to be a good
teacher is it hard to make your dream
come true every job needs time and
effort and teacher does as well apart
from the academic knowledge I was taught
in university I have to learn many other
soft skills why do you choose that job I
really admired my high school English
teacher and I want to be like her what
requirements and characteristics do you
need to do that job
let's see you need to be patient
thoughtful and sympathetic does the job
have something to do with your major at
university sure I studied English
linguistics and literature majored in
English teaching the major does support
me a lot in my career path what does the
society think about your job I'm not
quite sure but I'm proud to be a teacher
an honor job do you make much money with
that job not at all
teachers one of the lowest paying jobs
in my country have you ever thought of
leaving your job I haven't thought of
that before but I believe in what I'm
doing right now
what is the most impressive competition
you've entered I took part in an
eloquence competition organized by my
University last year what was it about
the competition was to find out the best
public speaker in the university were
there many participants in the
competition yes there were around 500
participants totally
what prize did you get well I didn't get
a very high prize but it didn't matter I
was still happy with the results what
could you learn from the competition I
learned the way to develop ideas for a
speech besides some body language tips
in public speaking did you have to
prepare a lot for the competition yes I
did
I read various materials about eloquence
as well as rehearsed a lot how did you
know about the competition the
competition was informed in the school
poster did you do your best then yes I
think so after the competition I know I
have to try more is the competition
useful in your opinion sure it helps
students learn soft skills as well as
become more confident in life
is there any garden that you like yes I
love the strawberry garden in my
neighborhood where is it it's in the
Highland area where I live when did you
first see it I accidentally saw it when
I had a picnic in the Highland what were
planted in the garden strawberries of
course there are also some boxes of
cucumbers next to the strawberry beds
why do you like the garden I love
picking red strawberries the garden
brings me closer to nature as well what
is special about the garden the
strawberries there are organic how do
people do the gardening keeping the beds
mulch is important since it helps reduce
water needs how often do you visit the
garden just when I have leisure time
since I'm quite busy is there any
relation between the green garden and
your mood yes at least for me the green
will help me chill out do you want to be
a gardener honestly no I'm not used to
manual work
where's your hometown my hometown is a
coastal state of us is it the city or
the countryside I live in a suburb area
what's it known for its famous for
tobacco's what do people do there
agriculture is the main industry in my
hometown most of the people here plant
and sell tobacco's how is the atmosphere
there
well it's quite peaceful I enjoy the
fresh air here how are people there
they're friendly and hospitable would
you like to live in your hometown or
somewhere else yes I would I just wish I
can live here forever is it easy to find
a job there manual work is easy to find
I'm not sure about the white-collar jobs
is it a good environment for young
people I don't think so
the pace of life here is quite slow if
they want to work in a dynamic
environment
they'd better move to the city is
traffic congestion a big problem in your
hometown not at all
we couldn't be happier with the traffic
system here
what is your favorite item of clothing
my favorite one is a maxi dress I wear
it when hanging out with my friends or
attending parties when did you buy it my
friend gave it to me as a birthday
present when I turned to 21 where did
you buy it I had no idea where my close
friend bought it what color is it
it's blue my favorite color was it
expensive yes
I guessed why do you like it well I'm
kind of short and plump so it's hard to
find a piece of clothing that fits me
perfectly but that one does I also love
the color and style do clothes help to
build your personal brand yes I agree
with it to some extent I still believe
that personal brand can be built from
the inside rather than the outside
however what you wear also plays an
important role in saying who you are
have you seen anybody wearing unusual
clothes yes I have but I don't think any
fashion style is weird I believe
everybody has their own taste of fashion
how has your fashion style changed
recently I always wore formal shirt and
trousers whenever hanging out years ago
but now I change into casuals like jeans
and t-shirt
what is your favorite advertisement I'm
quite impressed with the advertisement
about surf a laundry detergent made by
Unilever
where did you see it I accidentally saw
it on TV two years ago what happened in
the advertisement the ad told a story of
a family in which the children all love
their stepmother due to the white shirts
she prepared for them why do you like it
I just can't stop loving the story in
the ad it's such a sweet story was there
any famous actor or actress in the
advertisement not at all
the actors were not very well known I
think did it attract much attention I
have no idea but I saw in many public
places what do you like the most in the
advertisement
well the vivid images and sound effects
did attract me do you believe in
advertisements not really ads always say
good things and neglect to mention bad
things about a product for obvious
reasons how have advertisements changed
recently they're more modern digital
marketing has proved successful in many
fields
what project did you work on I made an
English poster about our environment was
that an indoor or outdoor project the
project was carried out mostly outdoor
only the last phase was conducted indoor
who was involved in the project my
teammates and an advisory teacher what
did you do we had a field trip to the
countryside where we studied insects and
plants was it a successful project yes
we received compliments from our
professor who was your advisory teacher
our science teacher mr. John we learned
a lot from him what did you learn after
the project I learned how to write
content and decorate posters did you
like your partners yes most of them were
friendly and responsible and I
particularly liked Michael the leader of
my team what did you get after the
project after the project I know how to
work in a team and cooperate well with
my teammates
have you ever attended someone's wedding
who was he or she yes a lot but the most
memorable one is my best friends who
went with you I went with one of my
classmates where was the wedding
organised it was held in a restaurant
downtown what did people do in the
wedding
they enjoyed wedding feast sang and
danced together after giving the couple
best wishes of an everlasting happiness
what did the bride and groom wear the
bride wore a white wedding gown while
the groom wore a black suit and tie what
was the most interesting ritual in the
wedding exchanging rings is the ritual
I'm quite interested in our weddings a
special event of one's life in your
country yes along with birthdays do
people in your country get married early
not really
the average age to get married for women
is 27 and for men is 29 what is the
ideal age to get married in your opinion
well 27 would be my ideal age women are
most charming and mature at that age I
guess how have weddings changed recently
the most noticeable change is the reduce
of rituals in a wedding there used to be
more steps in weddings years ago than
there are now
what's your favorite coffee shop my
favorite one is the coffee house a local
coffee shop in my neighborhood where is
it it's 500 meters far from my house how
often do you visit that coffee shop
every weekend when I hang out with my
friends the coffee house is always our
first choice who do you go with I meet
my friends there they love the place too
what drinks does it serve many kinds
coffee chocolate cocktail smoothie tea
juice of various tastes my favorite one
is hot chocolate are the waiters there
friendly yes they couldn't be nicer do
you like the decorations of that coffee
shop yes I love it I fancied the green
space they put in each corner of the
room when was the last time you went
there I last went there last Monday what
is special about that coffee shop the
drinks are what makes them different
people are just addicted to full-bodied
coffee and chocolate there how do you
know about that coffee shop my cousin
recommended it to me and I did give it a
try
which culture do you belong to I was
born and raised in America where my
culture was shaped is that a
multicultural society yes it is
my culture is a diverse mix of customs
and traditions of various races and
ethnicities how long is your country
you've been practicing those customs
well it has a long history around 10,000
years ago what custom do you like the
most I like practicing dining etiquette
that's what makes me American whenever I
travel to other countries what are
traditional customs of men and women in
your country cowboy hats and boots are
American styles but nowadays jeans and
t-shirt are more preferable are you
comfortable with the traditions and
customs of your culture of course I was
born with it
how do people greet each other well it
depends on the situation in an informal
communication people just say hi have
you ever felt drawn to another land yes
I'm interested in Indian culture I wish
I can get there someday to attend a
typical Indian wedding
what is the most popular means of
transport in your country most people in
my country travel by car how do you go
to school or work
I prefer bus due to its convenience I
enjoy reading books while sitting on the
bus how often do you take buses every
day I went to school by bus two years
ago and the bus is still my best choice
do people in your country like
travelling by bus not really they have
their own cars what are some benefits of
travelling by bicycle it's a good way of
doing exercise we can protect our
environment as well
do you prefer a public transport or
private transport public transport is
much cheaper do you think buses should
replace other means of transport sure in
the future buses should be used widely
by commuters what does the government do
to encourage people to use public
transport it's a good idea to make
public transport as convenient as
private transport besides more campaigns
should be launched to raise the
awareness of protecting our environment
how is transportation changed recently
there are more cars in a household now
than before which partly leads to
traffic jams in some cosmopolitan cities
who is your favorite politician she's
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton an American
politician where is she from she comes
from the USA does she appear on TV yes
quite often she usually shows up on TV
in news programs what is appealing about
her she's a democratic politician is she
famous
yes she's well-known all over the world
does she have a great influence on
people yes I think so
she fights for human rights she has a
very controversial and influential
speech that human rights are women's
rights and women rights are human rights
do you want to be like her being a
politician has never been my dream
actually
why do you admire her she's one of the
few women who succeed in politics what
did she do that you can tell others Oh a
lot of things she cares for people's
health
she also tackles the issues of adoption
and family safety
what's your favorite means of
communication I prefer talking directly
to people how do you keep in touch with
your friends I'm so busy that I don't
often hang out with friends
so I usually get in touch with them
using social networks or phone do you
get in touch with your family by phone
yes I do I live away from my family so
phone would be an ideal means of
communication do you usually write
letters or emails
I used to write letters when the
Internet hasn't been used widely now I
prefer emails due to its convenience
what are some advantages of using a
mobile phone that's the easiest means of
communication I think mobile phones are
portable just dial the numbers and you
can immediately get connected with
anyone you want
do you like handwriting letters yes I do
I like to keep handwriting letters as
keepsakes do you use social networks yes
the youth can now hardly live without
social networks do you need
communication skills using social
networks sure even in social networks
how have social networks changed
communication people prefer talking
online rather than directly because of
the illusion of social networks people
tend to forget necessary skills to
communicate with others in real life do
you have good communication skills in
your opinion maybe yes people are quite
happy talking to me
are you studying or working I left
school three years ago I'm working now
are you self-employed or working for a
company I'm self-employed I used to work
for a company two years ago are you
running any business yes
I'm running a small business what does
your business sell I make and sell
handmade cosmetics do you have any
difficulty running that business yes I
had some difficulties attracting
customers at first but everything is
getting better now is that an online or
offline business I sell products online
easier selling online than offline
because I can take full advantage of my
social network when did you start the
business I started running my own
business two years ago what are some
advantages of running your own business
I can take some days off whenever I feel
tired and I can make much more money
compared to working for a company
do you have your own computer yes I own
the personal laptop when I was in
university how often do you use the
computer almost every day I can't work
without a computer
have you ever joined any computer class
yes years ago I learned about Microsoft
Word and Excel what do you use the
computer for you know I'm an accountant
so managing business records would be
much easier for me using a computer what
are some advantages of using the
computer with a computer connected to
the internet we can shop pay bills or do
bank transactions online listening to
music watching movies are even more
convenient do you use other high-tech
devices besides computers yes apart from
a computer I also use a smartphone
should children learn how to use the
computer yes I think so
children should be given chances to
approach the computer but under the
control of their parents
do you usually exercise yes I do doing
exercise is one of my good habits what
sport do you play swimming is my
favorite I also play tennis how often do
you exercise I go jogging almost every
day before breakfast when did you start
doing exercise just last year actually
is there anyone who does exercise with
you I go jogging with my older brother
he's a good company of mine what
benefits can you get from exercising
well a lot exercise helps reduce fat and
build muscles it also keeps me awake
mentally during the whole day where do
you exercise at a nearby park there are
some exercise machines for people to use
why do you exercise I like moving for me
life without moving is like a picture
without color do people in your country
do much exercising I don't think so
they're so busy working that they forget
to do exercise what if people don't do
enough exercise obviously they'll gain
weight fast and become obese
what is your current short-term goal I'm
determined to get a scholarship to study
postgraduate abroad when did you start
thinking about this goal I started
thinking about it when I left University
what difficulties do you have in order
to achieve it spending a lot of time
searching it I haven't found any
scholarship that fits my needs do you
need any help to achieve that goal I
really need spiritual encouragement from
my family and friends do your parents
support you to achieve that goal yes
they do
they're always by my side and support me
when needed do you think it's important
to set goals sure we all need to have
some goals to drive ourselves towards
them setting goals is a necessary step
to do in order to succeed in doing
something what are the important
qualities to achieve goals well you need
to be persistent to what you desire to
get commitment and patience are needed
to
what's your favorite work of art there's
a special photograph named to napalm
girl when did you see it I accidentally
saw it five years ago when I traveled to
Vietnam where did you see it in Museum
of Vietnamese history the photo was
solemnly hung in an eye-catching
position in the room why do you like it
the photo captured a naked nine-year-old
girl running away from the napalm attack
which is really touching what's special
about it thanks to the photo the
photographer was awarded the Pulitzer
Prize for spot news photography do your
friends like it too yes they do the
photo did touch their souls - do you
want to be an artist nope
although I'm quite interested in art
what qualities does a person need to be
an artist an artist needs to be creative
and sensitive to things around him I
think how do children develop their
talent for art children's talent for art
should be recognized and nurtured as
early as possible so that they can reach
their full potential
are you a big fan of fashion yes I am I
believe every girl is crazy about
fashion what style do you choose to wear
well my favorite piece of clothes is a
dress depending on the situation I
choose a formal or informal dress to
wear
do you enjoy shopping for clothes yes
I'm a Shopaholic actually is there any
fashion icon who you want to wear the
same yes I admired Taylor Swift and wish
to wear like her do you create your own
fashion style no I'm not a fashionista
so most of the time I just follow the
fashion trend do you prefer vintage or
modern style why honestly I love vintage
style wearing classic clothes makes me
feel like I'm special have you ever
attended a fashion show not in real life
I just watch them on TV what do people
think about your fashion style I don't
know exactly and I don't care much about
it I just wear what makes me comfortable
and confident are you going to change
your fashion style in the future well I
can't tell maybe fashion is changeable
and I am too is fashion important to
people yes in my opinion fashion can
partly reveal who you are
what's your favorite item of jewelry
well I have quite a lot of ornaments but
my favorite one is a necklace when did
you buy it um I don't remember exactly
when but I guess I bought it years ago
what's it made of
it's made of silver how does it look it
looks gorgeous with a ruby clover shaped
pendant why do you like it I believe it
can bring me good luck and everything I
do what's special about it I love the
vintage style of my necklace it really
goes with my classic dresses does it
remind you of something yes I spent my
first month's salary buying it so the
necklace encourages me to work hard and
earn more money every day how much does
it cost around $400 if I'm not mistaken
do you usually wear it yes I just wear
it all the time I'll be missing it if I
don't see it
what's your favorite cosmetic item my
favorite cosmetic item is a cherry red
lipstick when did you buy it I bought it
in a local cosmetic shop how often do
you use it almost every day I sometimes
change the color how did it change your
physical appearance Oh at first I was
hesitant to try because I thought it
wouldn't match my skin undertone but
when putting it on the cherry red color
did make me more charming and gorgeous
is it expensive nope it is under $21
only is the brand name famous yes I
think Mac is well-known all around the
world MAC lipstick is an iconic product
of the producer how important our
cosmetics according to you well frankly
cosmetics are really important to women
although I agree that the true beauty
does come from inside is it important to
have a good looking appearance sure you
will be given more opportunities if
you're good looking our cosmetics
harmful yes I guess some toxic chemicals
and cosmetics may cause skin cancer do
you think beauty products are a waste of
money
not really as for me I just spend my
saving money on cosmetics
what indoor game do you like to play um
I'm fond of playing bowling when did you
start playing it I've just started
bowling it's been three weeks so far who
do you play it with most of the time I
play with my friends when we hang out
together sometimes I also go bowling
with my cousins where do you play at a
nearby shopping mall there is an
entertainment area where people can play
various games is it easy to play yes
quite easy
the bowler has to knock down as many
pins as possible
ideally all of them are you usually the
winner nope
because I'm just a beginner my friends
are much more experienced in playing it
why do you like it
well going bowling is quite enjoyable I
love it when my friends cheer me up is
it popular in your country yes people
playing almost everywhere there are
nearly 3,000 bowling centers in my
country what are other indoor games in
your country there are many such as
board game table tennis squash boxing
and so on
do you usually talk on the phone yes I
do it's a good way to keep in touch what
was your favorite phone conversation it
was when I talked to my interviewer he
did give me the good news that I got the
job when did you have the conversation I
don't remember exactly but it's been two
years so far I guess who did you talk to
I talked to the owner of the restaurant
where I'm working as a cashier what did
you talk about he offered me the
position and congratulated me why did
you find the conversation interesting
actually it was more exciting than
interesting I was waiting for it for so
long and finally he did make it come
true
do you prefer talking directly or
talking on the phone personally talking
directly is much better to me since it's
more lively and authentic who do you
usually talk to on the phone
I talked to my mom almost every day I
will be missing the conversation every
evening with mom if one day she stops
calling me what are the differences
between talking directly and phoning
well talking directly seems more
exciting since you can see facial
expressions and eye contact while
talking on the phone you can only listen
to the voice
do you like learning languages yes I do
I love traveling and talking to the
local people in their mother tongue what
is your mother language I speak English
what second language are you learning
I'm learning Spanish I fell in love with
Spanish when I traveled to Spain last
year is that language popular in your
country yes people in my country come
from every corner of the world and
Spanish is the second popular language
spoken here according to the statistic
how often do you use that language quite
a lot
I see Spanish people every day in the
restaurant bank or supermarket how long
have you been learning that language
I've been learning it for five years I'm
in advanced class now why do you choose
to learn that language I'm interested in
Spanish culture and I'd like to use
language as a tool to discover Spanish
cultural values who is your teacher an
old Spanish teacher she can also speak
English fluently why do people learn a
second language
there are many purposes some learn to do
business some learn to travel some just
learned for fun
who is the creative person that you
admire well I really admire mr. Tom who
is an extremely creative math teacher
why do you admire him for me math is
quite boring because I have to work with
long numbers I used to hate Matt so much
before I had lessons with mr. Tom he has
thousands of ways to teach that boring
subject which inspires me a lot how did
he become so creative I'm not quite sure
but I think that's his inborn talent do
people you know admire him too of course
all my classmates just love and respect
him for his creative teaching what is he
like he has a good sense of humor he
always tells jokes and we just can't
help laughing do you think creativity
can be learned and practiced yes I
definitely do creativity like any other
qualities can be trained how is
creativity important in study or work it
generates energy and makes things more
inspiring without creativity work and
study are just dull and tiring
who is a famous celebrity that you
admire well I'm a big fan of Miley Ray
Cyrus an American singer-songwriter and
actress
why do you admire her well she's at my
age but what she's achieved is
acknowledged worldwide what is special
about her I just fall in love with her
beautiful voice I can't stop listening
to her songs again and again my favorite
songs of hers are Jolin and wrecking
ball issue well known worldwide yes she
is
she's a teen idol do you see her on TV
or in reality most of the time I see her
on TV do your friends love her - yes
they do
we usually enjoy her songs movies
together do you want to be like her yes
being a well-known singer is my dream
what health problem did you have I had
measles when I was 18 how did you have
that health problem I thought I'd catch
measles from someone when they cough or
sneeze was that serious
not really but it was unpleasant I
recovered after ten days staying at home
what were some symptoms of that health
problem I had a cold and fever with a
cough a runny nose the small grayish
white spots appeared on my body - did
you take any medical treatment
no I didn't the situation wasn't serious
enough to be sent to the hospital then
how could you recover from it well let
me see
I drank a lot of water avoided the
direct sunlight and I had to stay off
school for 10 days what difficulties did
you face because of that problem I
couldn't go out for a few days which was
boring I'm not allowed to play outside
and I felt so bad about it what do
people do to prevent that health problem
by having measles vaccine is that health
problem common in your country not
really due to the effectiveness of
vaccination
are you a tech and gadget lover yes I am
I love shopping for new gadgets what is
an important technological advancement
you know that's the emergence of online
payment systems like credit cards or
PayPal thanks to the development of the
Internet I think what do you use it for
I use these services to do shopping
online now I can book flight tickets in
advance without the need to go to the
agency how long have you been using it
I've been using these services for
around three years does it make your
life easier
sure it's fast simple and convenient how
did it change your life well I can enjoy
my life more I can do a plenty of things
online like shopping transferring money
booking tickets and so on how often do
you use it at least once a week what are
other technological advancements you
know there are many electricity
smartphone the internet robot and so on
what is a famous landmark in your
hometown
well I can't hide my pride to talk about
the Statue of Liberty when was it built
I read on newspapers that it was
constructed in 1886
where is it it's located on Liberty
Island in New York Harbor what does it
look like that's a woman known as the
Roman goddess bearing a torch and a
broken chain lies at her feet what was
it made of the main material was copper
who was the architect mr. Gustave Eiffel
who also designed the Tower of Eiffel
what is special about it
actually it was gifted to my country the
USA from the people of France does it
symbolize something the statue is a
symbol of freedom we all love it and are
so proud to share with international
friends about it does it attract many
tourists to come yep it attracts 4
million visitors each year according to
the statistic
do you love handcraft items yeah my
accessories are all handmade
what handcraft item do you like well
I've got many items but I really fall in
love with my bamboo handbag where did
you buy it I bought it in a trip to the
countryside people make hand crafts from
bamboo there why do you like it because
it's unique I travel quite a lot but can
hardly find a similar one what is it
made of
it's made of 100% bamboo what does it
look like being made of traditional
material it looks trendy though my
handcraft bag has a4 paper size which is
large enough to carry a bunch of stuff
make up things a wallet and tissues how
is it made luckily I had a chance to see
how it is made people spent the whole
day knitting hundreds of small bamboo
fibers together to make one bag is it
easy to make nope I'm not really
skillful and patient so handcraft seems
super hard for me what is special about
it the material itself is what makes it
special it's eco-friendly as well does
it remind you of something
yep it reminds me of the peaceful and
quiet atmosphere at the countryside
where I visited
is plastic surgery popular in your
country not really people in my country
are not so interested in plastic surgery
what do you think about people having
plastic surgery it's hard to say as long
as they find happiness in what they're
doing it's fine with me why do you think
people do it they want to gain a better
look I believe that's understandable is
plastic surgery bad it's bad for health
in the long run does it do harm to your
health sure there are several unhealthy
substances in the medical treatments
which may be harmful to your body do you
think changing your look is a good thing
yes I can't deny that changing for a
better appearance is what people should
do but don't abuse plastic surgery or
you will face serious health problems
later on do you think the development of
plastic surgery is a positive or
negative trend it's more a positive
trend I guess thanks to plastic surgery
people who think they don't look good
can now make themselves more attractive
do you care more about your outlook or
inner soul as for me the inner soul does
matter more although outside appearance
is important too what is the part of
your face that you wish to change
although I have some imperfect parts I
have no wish to change anything I love
the natural appearance my parents gave
me
what success did you achieve I don't
know if it matters to someone or not but
passing the entrance exam to university
was a huge success for me when did you
get that success I got it six years ago
it's been two years since I left
University was there anyone who
supported you my family supported me a
lot
my mom prepared good meals for me while
my dad helped me with hard math problems
was it hard to get that success it was
hard for me since I wasn't good at
academic subjects at all what were some
difficulties in achieving success the
period before the exam was quite
stressful I was so obsessed with it that
I had a serious headache how did you get
it I stuck to books day and night
I just stopped reading and writing when
I felt on you thoroughly about the
matters how did you feel when you were
successful I was over the moon then I
was looking forward to campus life how
did your life change after that success
I had a chance to learn my favorite
major at my desired University and then
got a high-paying job in an active
working environment what is your key to
success I don't particularly have any
key to success just work hard and try
your best
everything good will come to you
[Music]